---
layout: post
title: 5 Skills Every Sales Person Needs To Succeed
subtitle:
description: >-
  A Harvard Business Review article that focuses on five forward looking
  qualities needed to succeed in sales in the digital age.
author: Erick Mendoza (An article Review)
featured: true
banner-image: /uploads/5-skills-sales.jpg
banner-text-color: '#000000'
categories:
  - business
  - english
  - sales
  - sales training
  - 비즈니스 영어 교육
  - 비즈니스 영어 세일즈
  - 비즈니스 영어 협상 교육
  - 비즈니스 영어 발표 기술 교육
  - 비즈니스 영어 회화 교육
  - 비즈니스 영어
  - 해외 컨벤션 이벤트 교육
  - Business negotiation
  - positional negotiation
  - negotiation
  - closing a deal
featured_image: /uploads/5-skills-sales-1.jpg
seo:
  title: “5 Skills Every Sales Person Needs to Succeed” Review
  description: >-
    A Harvard Business Review article that focuses on five forward looking
    qualities needed to succeed in sales in the digital age.
  social_image: /uploads/travel/bali-1.jpg
  keywords: >-
    비즈니스 영어 교육, 비즈니스 영어 세일즈, 비즈니스 영어 협상 교육, 비즈니스 영어 발표 기술 교육, 비즈니스 영어 회화 교육,
    비즈니스 영어, 해외 컨벤션 이벤트 교육,Business negotiation, positional negotiation,
    negotiation, business,closing a deal,Sales, Skills, digital age, Sales
    professionals, anticipating customer's tomorrow
  hide-from-google: false
---
# “5 Skills Every Sales Person Needs to Succeed” Review

In the Harvard Business Review article, “5 Skills Every Salesperson Needs to Succeed, the authors conducted a study between 2019 and 2022, analyzing over 20,000 sales job listings, and explained the evolving landscape of successful salesmanship. While traditional skills such as communication skills remain essential, five forward-looking qualities have emerged as crucial for thriving in sales roles.

## 1\. Anticipating the Customer’s Tomorrow

Salespeople must possess the ability to anticipate and respond to future developments in their customers' businesses. For instance, account managers at companies like W.W. Grainger are expected to stay informed of market data to promptly address customer needs. This skill is vital for understanding and adapting to the evolving requirements of clients.

## 2\. Collaborating Inside and Out:

Successful sales professionals must nurture collaboration not only within their organizations but also across diverse decision-making groups in client companies.

## 3\. Leveraging Digital and Virtual Channels:

In an increasingly digital world, proficiency in utilizing digital tools for customer engagement is paramount. Pfizer's requirement for sales reps to proficiently use digital platforms underscores the importance of integrating technology into sales strategies.

## 4\. Ability to Get Power from Data:

Salespeople need to harness the power of data analytics to drive informed decision-making and enhance customer interactions.

## 5\. Capacity to Adapt:

Sales professionals must demonstrate agility in adapting to evolving market dynamics and changing customer preferences. Furthermore, the study highlights the importance of not only hiring individuals with these competencies but also fostering their development through on-the-job training and support.

## RAMP Business English Skills Training

stands as the cornerstone for honing the essential skills vital for success in today's digital sales landscape. With a relentless focus on communication expertise, ***RAMP ensures that clients master the art of effective sales interaction*** and engaging presentations. By delving deep into market analysis and customer insights interpretation, **RAMP will equip** you with the strategic acumen necessary to customize your sales approach with precision and impact.

Moreover, **RAMP focuses on adaptability and agility** in its training approach. In a world where sales environments constantly evolve, **RAMP's programs instill the flexibility** needed to navigate shifting tides effortlessly. Whether it's embracing new technologies or pivoting strategies in response to market dynamics, RAMP prepares you to thrive amidst change.

By aligning recruitment, development, and support initiatives with cutting-edge competencies, **RAMP doesn't just empower its clients**; it propels them towards unparalleled excellence in sales. With RAMP by your side, you're not just prepared for the challenges of today – you're primed to succeed in the ever-evolving landscape of sales.